dnsdist: Add setTCPFastOpenKey() (#11497)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/reference/config.rst

  :param int size: The maximum size in bytes (default is 512)

.. function:: setTCPFastOpenKey(key)

>   .. versionadded:: 1.7.1
> 
>   Set a specified same ``TCP Fast Open`` key for all frontends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. versionadded:: 1.8.0

  Set the supplied ``TCP Fast Open`` key on all frontends. This can for example be used to allow all dnsdist instances in an anycast cluster to use the same ``TCP Fast Open`` key, reducing round-trips.
```
